When you're dealing with subordinates, you have to make sure that they
understand your authority and you never want to cross down to them.
So there have been many times that I've taken people to the side after
like, let's say, a heated argument, you know, kind of let him know
that I'm a person, that he's a person in my eyes, Um, and even though
you want to be their friend, you're not really allowed to, um,
not until they're your level. So, for instance, if there a chief, then
maybe you're allowed to do that. But because there's that there's
that line that if other people saw you and realize that you were friends,
then they would have They wouldn't have the same opinion. I think
that they can promote at the same rate as that other person. That's
why you choose not to be friends with another person with a subordinate.
Now that's not saying that you can't be friendly. Friendly
is still trying to understand about their their life, their personality,
their spouse, their kids, um, wanting to know that information.
You know, it helps you smile. It helps the day go by it well, but
you can't go over their house and play cards with them. You can't, uh,
sit down with them at a bar and just drink. You know, the night away.
All that has to go out the window once you, um, get promoted through
the ranks.